README.md, before:

# PM Booster
PM Booster (Project Management Booster) is an agile 
project management application for web development agencies 
as well as creative agencies and marketing agencies 
with in-house web and mobile app development teams.

It allows you to... 
* manage projects easier and faster
* track and resolve bugs quickly
* respond to security issue tickets with greater attention
* prioritize, document and follow up on feature requests
* execute maintenance tasks on time
* ensure early and continuous delivery  
  for greater customer satisfaction
* make changing requirements a breeze  
  for improved competitive advantage
* deliver working software more frequently  
  for happier clients
* establish daily collaboration between business people and developers  
  for more fun and profit
* give your teams the environment they need  
  for better results to get the job done
* maintain a constant development pace indefinitely  
  for sustainable development
* emphasize continuous attention to technical excellence and good design  
  for improved agility
* eliminate unnecessary tasks  
  for greater simplicity
* encourage self-organization in your teams  
  for better architectures and designs
* facilitate regular reflection, fine-tuning and adjustments  
  for growing effectiveness of your teams

.

Commit message:

Point out difference: product<>project management

README.md, after:

# PM Booster
PM Booster is product/project* management application for agile  
software, web development and mobile app development teams.

It allows you to... 
* manage products/projects* easier and faster
* track and resolve bugs quickly
* respond to security issue tickets with greater attention
* prioritize, document and follow up on feature requests
* execute maintenance tasks on time
* ensure early and continuous delivery  
  for greater customer satisfaction
* make changing requirements a breeze  
  for improved competitive advantage
* deliver working software more frequently  
  for happier clients
* establish daily collaboration between business people and developers  
  for more fun and profit
* give your teams the environment they need  
  for better results to get the job done
* maintain a constant development pace indefinitely  
  for sustainable development
* emphasize continuous attention to technical excellence and good design  
  for improved agility
* eliminate unnecessary tasks  
  for greater simplicity
* encourage self-organization in your teams  
  for better architectures and designs
* facilitate regular reflection, fine-tuning and adjustments  
  for growing effectiveness of your teams

\* In agile development teams, the focus is 
on the **product**, NOT on the project. 
Traditional project management (often associated with the waterfall method involving Gantt charts etc.) 
is NOT the same thing as ***product management***. 

Agile principles, agile teams and the **product** management approach are most suited for projects that involve ***digital products***. On the other hand, for projects that involve ***physical products***, the traditional, waterfall style **project** management is usually much better suited.  
There are very substantial differences between the two approaches 
and mixing them is *not recommended* because it typically results in poor outcome.

PM Booster as a tool is meant for managing the development of **digital products** i.e. for **product management**. The word *project* in the description above is merely used for individuals who aren't yet fully familiar with the differences between project management vs product management and might therefore miss *PM Booster* as a tool that's actually better suited for their management needs (managing the development of digital products).

More about the differences between project and product management: 

https://productschool.com/blog/product-management-2/why-product-management-is-not-project-management/


.
